"Both Moretti and Drucker argue that visual forms (e.g. graphs, maps, etc.) can and should be used to represent cultural phenomena (e.g. the experience of temporality, rises and falls in genre, etc.). Moving between written and visual mediums of expression offers a model for the next generation of digital humanities scholarship, where readers are asked to think critically across both textual and graphical modes. As such, digital humanities scholarship should increasingly create multimodal scholarship where readers interpret both the text and any other media (such as graphs, images, audio, and so on). Creating scholarship that asks readers to interpret across multiple modes will distinguish digital humanities scholarship from scholarship in the sciences."

As a student of the Digital Humanities, I agree with this. I believe that by creating multimodal scholarships, readers would learn to look beyond the surface. With how open the Digital Humanities are, it makes sense that they should be creating more multlimodal scholarships. By incorporating a multimodal form of learning, you would be able to benefit students with different learning styles since multimodal learning engages the brain in multiple ways at once using various forms of media. There are four different learning styles: visual, auditory, reading, and kinesthetic. Each student learns through a preference of these styles, some may learn better through a visual example, others may learn better by simply listening to the information. By combining the various ways students learn, teachers would be able to create an ideal learning environment for each one of their students at once.  

As Michael Manderino puts it in the book "Legibility in the Age of Signs and Machines", the close readings of digital and visual texts today requires that we engage our students in specific non-linear strategies across multiple texts, simutaneously. "We want students to recieve training in multimodal texts, which means they have to learn how to synthesize across multiple text types." The book also suggests that we should further develop distant reading as well as close reading techniques. It argues that both reading techniques offer undeniable assets towards humanities research, education in general, and the world beyond. As Moretti said, "Distant reading allows you to focus on things that are much smaller or larger than the texts. For example, devices, themes, tropes, genres and systems" (2013:57)

That's not all, but multimodal forms of learning also opens up new ways to include different kinds of fun and exciting media in the classroom. From videos to interactive graphs, multimodal learning would be able to leverage the technology and digital learning tools that students love using. As well as making a more immersive style of teaching for the student, students would feel more eager to learn and participate in their class. However, multimodal learning doesn't just make teaching fun. As mentioned before, its an incredibly effective style of learning overall. 

Not just through immersion, but using various modes of learning also improves attention span. It also enables the student to learn more quickly and at a deeper level so that they are able to recall the information at a later date. Using multimodal forms of learning will only enhance your ability to study more effectively. For example, if after listening to a lecture a student still doesn't have a complete understanding of the information that was taught, viewing a presentation on the same topic or even attending a group study session could result in a much more positive learning experience.

Both Drucker and Moretti that using a multimodal mdeium of written and visual expressions offer a model for the next generaion of digital humanities scholarships. They believe that by combining different forms of media, you are able to see diiferent perspectives of the information you are analyzing and just as Drucker strongly believes, "humanities are committed to the concept of knowledge as interpretation." Compared to simply reading a book or just looking at a picture, you are given much more information to work with from reading a comic book which is a combination of both forms of media. By combining various forms of media together, you would be able to create an easier method of analysing information. Which is essential for the digital humanities as it is a ever expanding industry that is always eager to learn.

it depends on this server.
Feel free to change the height and width values or other styling below: -->
<iframe style='width: 637px; height: 505px;' src='https://voyant-tools.org/tool/Trends/?query=capta*&query=interpretation&query=graphs*&query=visualization&corpus=7b7272c662460400c7e0701e025f6fa0'></iframe>



For most learners, multimodal learning strategies are certainly a step in the right direction as it allows students to be more aware of learning preferences resulting in a deeper desire to learn new material. By combining various forms of learning, this may also result in a more balanced approach to studying, and learning which leads to a greater understanding and comprehension.
